# Plannit-App

There are numerous events and gatherings that we may host during the year, and it might be difficult to schedule them all. Between 2018 and 2019, the event industry saw a 3% increase in the usage of event apps for the running of events [1]. 88% of event-planning professionals agree that event apps helped get a better satisfaction level out of attendees [1]. It is necessary to have an app for event planning that makes arranging events and gatherings simpler by making them more structured and systematic. 
Goals, Requirements, and Analysis
The app allows users to view and create events to help keep them more manageable. The requirements include: easy to use, efficient, and saves data. With 3 pages to fill in details, and 1 to confirm the details, this app is both efficient and easy to use. At each point, you are able to create and pass data for creating that event and the info is stored in a local database. The database is also easy to install, has cross platform DBMS, setup or administration not required, and it is a self contained database that doesn't require a server to run.
Users will be able to sign into an existing account or make a new one from the main page to ensure their events are secure and personalized. Thereafter, the user is directed through a process when establishing a new event, where each view/activity allows the user to define a specific information for the activity. At each point of the activity, the user is able to go back and make changes to the event to ensure all details are accurate. Once the user confirms the details and presses submit, the created event is shown on the user dashboard along with the other events the user has. The dashboard allows the user to see all the details of the events in place, keeping it organized.
